The following folder had contains all the svg for replace the pathData Drawable with same name in res > drawable>MediMind_SVG_Icon > replath_Pathdata, except for background, foreground and layer.
Moreover, there is other few extra things to modify or add on:
1. For the flashlight icon, there is flashlight on and flashlight off icon, integrate it to the flashlight in scan medication page.

2. The ic_managem_medication.svg was used to add left side of the manage medication button at the home/today's plan page.

3. The ic_done_all.svg was used to indicate when all medication on that day are finished, at the notification bar at home/today's plan page.

4. The ic_download is need to put left of the export button at report page, and do align the text "export" center horizontally.

5. The ic_upload is need to put left of the upload button at add medication and edit medication window.

6. The ic_default_medication is need to work as default medication picture when users are not upload photo for their medication schedule.

7. The ic_medication should be the logo on the login and register page and be the app icon.

8. Ensure the ic_logout had implement at the log out button, the logout button should be red color, while the logout icon and the text should be white, no stroke line.

9. for the take now button, make it fill with green color and the text be white color.

10. For today Missed medication but still can caught-up, the take now button should be in pale red color while the card will be red color

11. The svg can be change color,background color according to its using context.

Issue Fixing:
1. When a user edit current medication, the edited medication will be treat as a new medication schedule, but for currently when the new medication schedule was created, the deleted old version of medication schedule card will be disappear from home screen and database, I don't want that. It suppose logged at firebase and still exists instead of directly disappear from home page and report.

2. When go to the report page, all the data should be the latest updated version, instead of after applying the filter for refreshing.

3. Implement the search member function ad community page.

4. For login page, implement the hide/unhide password button by ic_visibility.svg and ic_visibility_off.svg, also apply it to register page (password and confirm password field), and by default the password should be hided when user enter it.

5. when using the ai assist, the message will send with this session chat history to the api, after user reopens the app after the app hibernate, the chat history of previous session will be clear.

6. for the add medication field, the scan medication button should be direct to the scan medication page.

7. There is an issue which is current reminder clock only trigger when user open the app, fix it.



